Distance hazard
Don't stay long
You are hurt.
Pay back the barbecue first
Even if you can't be a lover
Can still be friends
I'll rent a house for you.
Life is at least better than it is now
I don't need your charity
So you mean you will still marry Rongwoo-jin, right?
Get married and face a murderous marriage partner with breasts
What's the matter? Aren't you afraid?
The serious woman in bed is making fun of me after breaking up
How ironic!
There is no inner relationship between us now
Of course I can easily be myself
But you're a little nervous now
I'm not nervous.
And what are you?
My parents fell in love at first sight
My father was pressured to marry her.
But soon deformed
When I was 3 years old
My mother took advantage of him to come back to see me occasionally
Poisoned him and then killed himself
So that's why you don't believe in love
I don't trust women anymore